---
started: 1424284440.0
Call to order: '10:34'
Roll Call: |
  Directors Present:

    Rich Bowen
    Doug Cutting
    Bertrand Delacretaz
    Ross Gardler
    Jim Jagielski
    Brett Porter
    Sam Ruby

  Directors Absent:

    Chris Mattmann
    Greg Stein

  Executive Officers Present:

    Craig L Russell

  Executive Officers Absent:

    none

  Guests:

    Andrea Pescetti
    Chip Childers
    Daniel Gruno
    David Nalley
    Hadrian Zbarcea
    Henri Yandell
    Jake Farrell
    Kevin A. McGrail
    Mark Radcliffe - joined at 10:55
    Marvin Humphrey
    Sean Kelly
    Shane Curcuru
    Tom Pappas
January 21, 2015: tabled
Treasurer: |-
  Jim: Will the audit be able to start soon?
  Tom: Can't start the audit until books are closed; looks like mid summer for the audit.
Executive Vice President: Rich needs help with ApacheCon planning; Sam volunteered
  to help.
Vice Chairman: The goal for resolution of the contractor issue is to have a recommendation
  for the incoming board.
Discussion Items: "Mark: Trademarks are a valuable asset for ASF. Trademark rules
  vary \nby country. Virtually all countries protect rights only through registration.
  \nMany unsavory people register other peoples' trademarks as a\nbusiness. Risks
  are most often on ASF users, not ASF per se. \nAs a practical matter, projects need
  to select brands that are available. \nOpen source has \"won the war\" and is now
  ubiquitous. Now there are \nlawsuits based on GPL interpretation by people who are
  just trying to \nmake money from the legal process, not community policing as we
  \nhave seen in the past. \n\nJim: Need to balance the cost versus benefit of registration.\n\nShane:
  Looks like the \"sweet spot\" of registration is somewhat more \nthan we are doing
  now. But consider that a third party has registered \nour Hadoop trademark in China.
  This will not hurt Apache but may \nvery well hurt our downstream users. And eventually
  this may hurt Apache \nif projects lose support from these users.\n\nJim: Once a
  trademark is registered, are we then required to police it?\n\nMark: ASF is required
  to police brands regardless of registration (or not).\nIf ASF doesn't have the money,
  users may well contribute to registration costs. \n\nRoss: Users are represented
  by PMCs. We need to make sure that \nPMCs step up, with foundation support."
Axis: '@Sam: follow up with Axis PMC.'
BookKeeper: ''
Creadur: "@Jim: Clarify report"
DeltaSpike: "@Bertrand: Ask if the git CMS work could be documented for others to
  use"
Drill: "@Brett: Are hangouts documents so non-attendees can participate later?"
HttpComponents: "@Chris: pursue a report for HttpComponents"
jUDDI: "@Brett: pursue a report for jUDDI"
Logging: "@Brett: Any action on log4j?"
ManifoldCF: "@Doug: Is there still an issue with infra?"
Perl: "@Sam: Is anyone on the PMC looking at the reminders?"
SIS: "@Brett: What is the issue with infra?"
Change Geronimo Chair: unanimous
Change ServiceMix Chair: unanimous
Change Directory Chair: unanimous
Change OODT Chair: unanimous
Change OpenOffice Chair: unanimous
Change MINA Chair: unanimous
Announcements: "Jim: The corporate sponsor of Groovy have dropped support, so \nthe
  Groovy project might be interested in moving to Apache."
attendance:
  Rich Bowen:
    :id: _Rich_Bowen
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Bowen Rich
  Chip Childers:
    :id: _Chip_Childers
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Childers Chip
  Shane Curcuru:
    :id: _Shane_Curcuru
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Curcuru Shane
  Doug Cutting:
    :id: _Doug_Cutting
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Cutting Doug
  Bertrand Delacretaz:
    :id: _Bertrand_Delacretaz
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Delacretaz Bertrand
  Jake Farrell:
    :id: _Jake_Farrell
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Farrell Jake
  Ross Gardler:
    :id: _Ross_Gardler
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Gardler Ross
  Daniel Gruno:
    :id: _Daniel_Gruno
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Gruno Daniel
  Niclas Hedhman:
    :present: false
  Marvin Humphrey:
    :id: _Marvin_Humphrey
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Humphrey Marvin
  Jim Jagielski:
    :id: _Jim_Jagielski
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Jagielski Jim
  Sean Kelly:
    :id: _Sean_Kelly
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Kelly Sean
  Chris Mattmann:
    :present: false
  Kevin A. McGrail:
    :id: _Kevin_A__McGrail
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: McGrail Kevin A.
  David Nalley:
    :id: _David_Nalley
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Nalley David
  Andrea Pescetti:
    :id: _Andrea_Pescetti
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Pescetti Andrea
  Brett Porter:
    :id: _Brett_Porter
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Porter Brett
  Sam Ruby:
    :id: _Sam_Ruby
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Ruby Sam
  Craig L Russell:
    :id: _Craig_L_Russell
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Russell Craig L
  Greg Stein:
    :present: false
  Henri Yandell:
    :id: _Henri_Yandell
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Yandell Henri
  Hadrian Zbarcea:
    :id: _Hadrian_Zbarcea
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Zbarcea Hadrian
  Tom Pappas:
    :id: tpappas
    :present: true
    :notes: 
    :member: false
    :sortName: Pappas Tom
  Mark Radcliffe:
    :id: 
    :present: true
    :notes: " - joined at 10:55"
    :member: false
    :sortName: Radcliffe Mark
